Meredith is in bed.
It is 4:37 a.m.
It is raining.
Izzie stands beside Meredith's bed.
Izzie holds some coffee.
Izzie says that George's bedroom is bigger than Izzie's bedroom.
Meredith gets up.
Meredith trips.
Meredith falls flat on Meredith's face.
Meredith limps away.
Izzie follows Meredith.
Izzie explains that Izzie needs the space because Izzie has more clothes.
George interrupts.
George says that George got there first.
Izzie says that the decision belongs to Meredith.
George tells Izzie that George's room is only two inches bigger than Izzie's room.
Izzie says that George has a bigger closet.
George tells Izzie to put Izzie's clothes somewhere else.
Izzie insists that every place is filled with Ellis's boxes.
Izzie and George hesitantly ask Meredith whether Izzie and George can put Ellis's boxes in storage.
Izzie and George hesitantly ask Meredith whether Izzie and George can unpack a few things like lamps, paintings, or pillows to make the house more homey.
Izzie and George quickly ask Meredith whether Izzie and George can watch the tapes of surgical procedures from one of Ellis's boxes.
Meredith slams a door in Izzie's and George's faces.
A moment later, Meredith reopens the door.
Meredith takes Izzie's coffee.
Meredith shuts the door again.
Meredith slumps against the other side of the door.
Meredith holds Meredith's coffee.
Bailey stands on a street corner.
Bailey looks confused.
Shepherd joins Bailey.
Shepherd says hello.
Bailey tells Shepherd to be quiet.
Bailey tells Shepherd that something important is going to happen today.
Bailey says that Bailey cannot remember the important thing.
Derek walks forward to cross the road.
Bailey gasps.
Bailey grabs Derek.
Several bike riders race past Bailey and Derek.
Two bike riders crash.
At the hospital, Bailey complains to the interns.
Bailey says that the bike riders are fools on bikes killing themselves.
Alex asks George whether Bailey is off Bailey's medication.
George is surprised that Alex never heard of the race.
Webber, Burke, and Shepherd stand in front of the O.R. schedule board.
Webber, Burke, and Shepherd note that the board is done out well.
Webber, Burke, and Shepherd say that Webber, Burke, and Shepherd might get an early night.
Bailey tells Webber, Burke, and Shepherd that Dead Baby Bike Race Day started 20 minutes ago.
George and Meredith explain that every year a bar holds an underground bike race.
George and Meredith explain that the race is completely illegal.
Bailey begins complaining again.
Bailey says that the race is crazy because a bunch of bike messengers race against traffic and try to beat each other for free shots of tequila.
Bailey tells the interns that Bailey needs someone to get up to the O.R. floor.
Bailey says that the Chief needs a right hand.
Everyone's hand except Meredith's shoots up.
Bailey picks George.
Bailey warns the others not to mingle with the E.R. interns.
Bailey says that the E.R. interns apparently do not know their ass from their esophagus.
Bailey tells the interns to sew fast.
Bailey tells the interns to discharge fast.
Bailey tells the interns to take bodies up to the O.R. yesterday.
Bailey gives a final warning not to fight over patients.
The interns run.
The interns jostle for position.
The interns see injured bike riders everywhere.
Izzie and Cristina race off to grab a patient.
Meredith sees a man with bicycle spokes in the man's side.
Alex and Meredith race toward the man.
Behind a curtain, Alex and Meredith fight over the patient.
After Alex and Meredith argue for a while, Viper pulls back the curtain.
Viper asks Alex and Meredith whether Alex and Meredith can just take the spokes out so that Viper can win Viper's race.
Meredith tells Viper that Meredith and Alex have to run some tests first.
Alex takes the spokes out.
Alex tells Meredith that the wound is superficial and not surgical.
Alex leaves Meredith to sew Viper up.
Cristina, Izzie, and Derek stand over a patient.
Cristina tells Derek that the patient is an unidentified John Doe in the mid-thirties.
Cristina tells Derek that the patient is a pedestrian.
Cristina tells Derek that a motorist hit the patient while swerving to avoid a bike.
Cristina tells Derek that the patient's GCS is 3.
Cristina tells Derek that the patient's pupils are fixed and dilated.
Cristina tells Derek that atropine was given for a pulse in the forties.
Cristina continues to diagnose the patient.
Burke announces that the bike race claimed the bike race's first victim.
Izzie asks Derek whether the patient will be brought to the O.R.
Derek tells Izzie to perform confirmatory tests.
Derek tells Izzie that if the patient does not respond in six hours, Izzie and Cristina should declare the patient brain dead.
Webber is in surgery.
George appears.
George asks Webber whether George should scrub in.
Webber says no.
Webber says that Webber is stuck in the O.R. all day.
Webber says that George has to monitor Webber's pre-op and post-op patients.
Webber tells George to pay special attention to a friend of Webber's in room 4451.
Webber says that the friend's name is Lloyd Mackie.
Lloyd Mackie lights a cigarette in Lloyd Mackie's bed.
George tells Lloyd Mackie that Lloyd Mackie has to put the cigarette out.
George tells Lloyd Mackie that smoking kills.
Lloyd Mackie says that liver cancer will kill Lloyd Mackie.
Lloyd Mackie says that the cigarettes are only speeding liver cancer up.
George insists that there is hope.
George says that Lloyd Mackie is at the top of the donor list.
Lloyd Mackie tells George that Lloyd Mackie has been at the top of the donor list for eight months.
Izzie and Cristina are with Izzie and Cristina's patient.
Izzie worries that the patient will not respond.
Izzie says that Izzie and Cristina only have five hours left.
Cristina tells Izzie that if the patient does not respond to the tests, the patient is already dead.
Cristina says that Cristina just wants the patient to hurry up and go into the light so that Cristina can get another case.
Izzie looks shocked.
Izzie says that the situation is a waste of the patient's life.
Cristina says that the situation is also a waste of good organs.
Izzie understands Cristina's plan.
Meredith sews up Viper.
While Meredith sews, Viper flirts with Meredith.
Viper calls Meredith a rocking babe.
Meredith ignores Viper's flirting.
Meredith pleads with Viper to let Meredith do some tests.
Meredith says that Meredith could have Viper gone within an hour.
Viper tells Meredith no.
Viper says that Viper has to finish the race.
Before Viper goes, Meredith asks Viper to sign an AMA form.
After Viper signs the form, Viper gets up to leave.
Viper turns around.
Viper grabs Meredith.
Viper kisses Meredith.
Viper leaves.
Meredith shakes Meredith's head.
Meredith begins to strip the bed.
Meredith looks up.
Meredith sees Derek standing outside.
Derek enters.
Meredith asks Derek whether Derek is jealous.
Derek tells Meredith that Derek is not jealous.
Derek tells Meredith that Derek almost died today.
Derek asks Meredith how Meredith would feel if Meredith never got to go out with Derek.
Meredith tells Derek to get over Derek.
Meredith asks Derek whether the issue is the chase.
Derek looks surprised.
Meredith tells Derek that the issue is the thrill of the chase.
Meredith tells Derek that the situation is just a game to Derek.
Meredith gets angry.
Meredith storms out.
Bailey is doing surgery.
Izzie and Cristina come in.
Izzie and Cristina ask Bailey if Izzie and Cristina can harvest Izzie and Cristina's patient's organs.
Bailey is surprised.
Bailey tells Izzie and Cristina that Izzie and Cristina can do that if Izzie and Cristina can identify the patient, contact the patient's family, and get consent forms.
Izzie and Cristina hurry away.
Alex walks over to a desk where George is.
George explains that George is hiding from Lloyd because George thinks Lloyd may be attracted to George.
Alex tells George to go for it.
Alex quickly realizes that George is not gay.
George looks shocked.
Alex walks away.
Izzie and Cristina come to the other desk.
George asks Cristina if Cristina or Meredith thinks George is gay.
Cristina asks George if George is gay.
George says no.
Cristina is surprised.
A woman comes over to Izzie and Cristina.
Izzie hands the woman a hotel key card for the woman to give to the police.
After Izzie and the woman finish talking, George asks Izzie and Cristina if Izzie and Cristina really have a potential organ donor.
George asks for the blood type.
George compares the blood type with George's chart.
Izzie looks at John Doe.
Izzie tells John Doe that Izzie knows John Doe probably cannot hear Izzie.
Izzie tells John Doe that John Doe is probably feeling a big push to go toward the light, where everything is halos and all-you-can-eat buffets and stuff.
Izzie tells John Doe that sharing organs is really great and all.
Izzie tells John Doe that Izzie thinks John Doe has a family.
Izzie tells John Doe that Izzie can feel that John Doe has a family.
Izzie tells John Doe that Izzie thinks it would be great if John Doe could do Izzie a favor and get better.
Izzie tells John Doe to live.
Izzie asks John Doe if John Doe could give that a shot for Izzie.
Suddenly, an alarm goes off.
John Doe begins to crash.
John Doe's pulse drops.
Meredith runs in.
After a few tense moments, Meredith, Izzie, and Cristina decide to get dopamine and blood to transfuse John Doe.
George examines Mackie.
Mackie flirts with George.
Izzie and Meredith go up some stairs.
Cristina meets Izzie and Meredith.
Cristina is excited because John Doe could become an organ donor.
Izzie insists that John Doe gets surgery to live.
Cristina then tells Meredith that Meredith and Cristina need to go higher than Bailey for Meredith and Cristina's plan to work.
In the men's bathroom, Meredith and Cristina look in and see Burke.
Meredith and Cristina ask Burke to repair John Doe's heart.
Burke notes that Meredith and Cristina like to cross the line.
Burke then tells Meredith and Cristina to either whip out a penis or get out.
Meredith asks Derek for advice.
Derek hesitantly tells Meredith to go over Burke's head and go to the Chief.
Izzie, Meredith, and Cristina ask George if George wants to be in a transplant surgery.
Webber asks George how Mackie is doing.
George tells Webber that George can have a liver for Mackie.
Webber listens intently.
Alex sees Izzie, Meredith, Cristina, and George watching George and Webber.
Burke walks past.
Webber stops Burke.
Webber tells Burke about the surgery.
Burke looks at the other interns.
The other interns hurry away.
Alex stays.
Burke turns to leave.
Alex goes after Burke.
In the open-heart surgery, Alex assists Burke.
From the gallery, the interns glare at Alex.
Izzie is just happy that John Doe is getting the surgery.
A nurse enters.
The nurse tells Izzie that John Doe has been identified and that John Doe's wife is coming.
Derek introduces Shelley Davidson to Izzie.
Derek then leaves.
Derek tells Izzie and the others to page Derek if Izzie and the others need to.
Izzie tells Shelley Davidson that Shelley Davidson's husband could wake.
Izzie tells Shelley Davidson that if Shelley Davidson's husband does not change by morning, Izzie and the others would like to know if Shelley Davidson has considered organ donation for Kevin.
Webber shakes Mackie's shoulder lightly.
Webber tells Mackie that George found Mackie a liver.
Mackie glances up at Webber and then at George.
Mackie's face begins to break up.
Mackie looks away.
Mackie tries desperately not to cry.
Webber pats Mackie's shoulder.
George leaves.
Alex bursts into the locker room.
Alex sees Meredith.
Alex tells Meredith that Alex smells of open-heart surgery.
Alex starts nuzzling Meredith's hair.
Meredith turns around.
Meredith grabs Alex.
Meredith pushes Alex against the lockers by Alex's shirt.
Meredith tells Alex to stay out of Meredith's way.
Meredith tells Alex that Alex smells like crap.
Meredith turns.
Meredith and Alex both see Derek.
Meredith goes back to Meredith's locker.
Meredith then goes to really attack Alex.
Derek tells Alex to leave.
Derek pushes Alex out the door.
Derek closes the door.
Alex pulls a face at Meredith.
Meredith closes Meredith's locker.
Meredith makes as if Meredith is going to leave.
Derek opens the door for Meredith.
Meredith looks at Derek again for a few seconds.
Meredith then strides away.
Meredith enters Meredith's house.
Izzie and George go through videotapes.
Meredith is furious.
Meredith asks why Izzie and George touched Meredith's mother's surgical tapes.
Meredith storms upstairs.
Izzie and George exchange looks.
Izzie and George giggle.
Outside the hospital, Meredith explains to Cristina how perky and helpful Meredith's roommates are.
Cristina suggests that Meredith kick Meredith's roommates out.
Meredith decides that Meredith cannot do that.
Alex comes up behind Meredith and Cristina as Meredith and Cristina enter the hospital.
Alex complains about being stuck in the pit again.
Alex complains about Cristina getting the harvest surgery.
Meredith and Cristina are annoyed with Alex.
Meredith and Cristina jokingly consider becoming lesbians.
The elevator dings.
Meredith and Cristina go for the stairs.
Cristina talks to Kevin's wife and little girl.
Cristina goes over the form for organ donation with Shelley Davidson.
Shelley Davidson gets teary.
Cristina leaves the room.
Cristina explains to Bailey that Cristina is not a people person and that talking to Shelley Davidson is too hard.
Bailey tells Cristina that no one said it would be easy for Cristina.
Bailey tells Cristina that the man is a person and not just someone to harvest organs from.
Cristina remembers Bailey's words.
Cristina re-enters the room.
Cristina talks with Shelley Davidson again.
Mackie begins to flirt with George again.
George awkwardly tries to tell Mackie that George is not gay.
Mackie smiles.
Mackie explains that Mackie never thought George was gay.
Mackie explains that Mackie is not gay either.
Mackie tells George that dying is a get-out-of-jail-free card.
Mackie tells George that Mackie can be as bold as Mackie wants.
Mackie tells George that nobody can say anything about it.
Mackie asks George if there was ever anyone George was attracted to but could not have.
After a while, George says that the person was Meredith.
In the organ harvest preparation, Burke talks about how Burke never liked harvesting.
Burke says that Burke saves lives.
Burke says that harvesting ended one life.
Izzie quietly whispers to Kevin that Kevin did Kevin's best.
Izzie says goodbye.
Meredith and Alex work in Trauma.
Meredith sees Viper waiting in a chair.
Meredith asks Alex why Viper is there.
Meredith asks Alex how long Viper has been waiting.
Alex says that Alex does not know.
Alex says that Alex was busy on real cases.
Viper starts to cough.
Meredith walks toward Viper with worry.
Viper tries to get up.
Meredith runs to Viper.
Viper falls unconscious.
Blood starts to come out of Viper's mouth.
Meredith lifts up Viper's shirt.
Meredith sees that Viper's stitches have ripped open.
Meredith sees that the area around Viper's stitches has swelled to the size of a small melon.
Meredith gets Viper onto a gurney.
Meredith gets on top of Viper.
Meredith tries to hold Viper's wound closed.
Meredith asks a nurse to tell the OR that Meredith is on Meredith's way.
Meredith asks a nurse to page Bailey.
Meredith and Viper arrive at the OR.
Meredith and the staff go into the OR.
Bailey tells Meredith to scrub in.
Bailey tells Alex to get back downstairs.
Bailey says that this is punishment for Alex only having time for the hot cases.
Mackie is on the OR table.
Mackie is ready to be put under.
The Chief has Mackie count backward.
Mackie counts backward.
Mackie quickly falls asleep.
Izzie and Cristina scrub in.
Webber and Burke enter.
Webber tells Izzie and Cristina that Webber will be next door when Izzie and Cristina are ready.
The surgeons operate.
The organs are placed in plastic bags and special sealed containers.
The liver is placed on ice.
George takes the liver.
George hands the liver to Webber.
Webber places the liver in Mackie.
Back at the harvest, alarmed beeping has started.
The heart is being removed.
Everyone packs up to go.
Izzie remains.
Cristina looks back at Izzie.
Izzie explains that Izzie wants to sew Kevin back up for Kevin's family.
Cristina turns back to help Izzie.
Later, Cristina and Izzie meet Shelley.
Cristina and Izzie tell Shelley that Kevin is ready.
Cristina looks pensive at Viper's friends.
Viper's friends are also waiting.
Bailey and Meredith walk out to see Viper's friends.
Viper's friends ask if Viper is okay.
Bailey starts shouting at Viper's friends.
Bailey says that Viper is not okay.
Bailey says that Viper is not okay at all.
Bailey says that Viper hurled Viper's body down a concrete mountain at full speed for no good reason.
Bailey says that Bailey knows Viper's friends pierce themselves and smoke up and generally treat their bodies like their grungy asses cannot break down.
Bailey says that if Viper's friends want to kill themselves by flying down a concrete mountain, Viper's friends should go to it.
Bailey says that there are other people walking on that concrete mountain.
Bailey says that there are other people driving on that concrete mountain.
Bailey says that there are other people trying to live their lives on that concrete mountain.
Bailey says that one of those people got that person's brains scrambled today because of one of Viper's friends.
Meredith interrupts Bailey.
Bailey calms down.
Bailey tells Viper's friends that, in Bailey's opinion, Viper is not fine.
Bailey storms off.
Meredith awkwardly tells Viper's friends that Bailey is tired.
Meredith tells Viper's friends that Viper will make it.
Meredith packs up Meredith's things in the locker room.
Derek comes in.
Derek shuts the door.
Derek tells Meredith that it is not the chase.
Derek tells Meredith that it is not a game.
Derek tells Meredith that it is Meredith's hair.
Meredith raises Meredith's eyebrows.
Derek explains that Meredith's hair smells nice.
Derek then says that it is also Meredith's bossiness.
Meredith tells Derek that Meredith still will not go out with Derek.
Derek leaves.
Derek says that Meredith says that now.
George tells Mackie that the surgery went smoothly.
Mackie sighs.
Mackie says that Mackie has to quit smoking.
Mackie holds George's hand.
Meredith opens Meredith's front door.
Izzie, Cristina, and George are eating pizza.
Izzie, Cristina, and George are drinking beer.
Izzie, Cristina, and George are watching a surgical tape.
Everyone stops to look at Meredith.
George quickly blurts out that Cristina made Izzie, Cristina, and George watch the tapes.
Cristina glares at George.
Meredith asks what Izzie, Cristina, and George are watching.
Meredith sits down.
Meredith grabs some popcorn.
Izzie, Cristina, George, and Meredith watch for a few seconds.
Then Izzie, Cristina, George, and Meredith all recoil.
Izzie, Cristina, George, and Meredith scream and laugh with shock at the tape.