Izzie, Meredith, and George are getting ready for the day.
Izzie is walking around in Izzie's underwear.
George is mortified by Izzie's lack of personal boundaries.
George continues to complain all the way to the hospital.
Meredith and Izzie laugh George off.
Derek wants to take Meredith out for breakfast.
Derek flirts with Meredith.
Meredith is annoyed.
One of Seattle Grace's veteran scrub nurses, Elizabeth "Liz" Fallon, is admitted.
Liz Fallon's admission causes a stir.
Cristina is on Burke's service.
Cristina is assigned to Liz Fallon.
Liz Fallon mocks Cristina about intentionally taking Liz Fallon's chart only to impress Burke.
Izzie's prostate cancer patient, Mr. Humphrey, refuses to allow Izzie near Mr. Humphrey for Mr. Humphrey's biopsy.
Bailey scolds Izzie.
George catches up with Izzie and Meredith.
George complains to Izzie and Meredith about this morning.
Alex and Meredith get called to assist Derek in trauma.
Derek's patient Jorge Cruz injured Jorge Cruz by falling down the stairs with a nail gun in Jorge Cruz's hand.
Sixteen nails are embedded in Jorge Cruz's head.
Jorge Cruz is progressively getting worse.
It is revealed that Liz Fallon is Ellis Grey's former scrub nurse.
Liz Fallon learns from Richard that Meredith is working at Seattle Grace.
Izzie tries to go back to Mr. Humphrey.
Mr. Humphrey adamantly insists that Izzie get out.
Izzie realizes that Mr. Humphrey had seen a photoshoot that Izzie did last year.
Izzie realizes that the photoshoot was only just published.
Jorge Cruz's wife Zona is forced to make a decision.
The surgery to extract the nails is very risky.
The surgery to extract the nails may be fatal.
George helps out by researching cases involving nail guns.
George discovers that there have been twenty-three cases.
George discovers that one of the twenty-three cases was a suicide.
Mr. Humphrey's surgeon turns out to be Dr. Harry Victor.
Dr. Harry Victor is known as Limp Harry for Dr. Harry Victor's aggressive approach.
Dr. Harry Victor never spares the nerves.
Dr. Harry Victor intends to cut out the entire prostate, including the nerves.
This would mean that Mr. Humphrey will no longer be able to have an erection.
George still will not let up about this morning.
Izzie dismisses George.
Izzie tells George to go buy Izzie's tampons during George's grocery run later.
Meredith visits Meredith's mother.
Meredith is stricken that Ellis remembers Liz Fallon, Ellis's scrub nurse, but not Meredith, Ellis's own daughter.
Izzie and Meredith are furious that George did not buy the tampons.
George argues that men do not buy tampons.
Cristina returns to take Liz Fallon's vitals.
Liz Fallon asks Cristina if Cristina has anyone waiting at home for Cristina.
Liz Fallon asks Cristina if Cristina has a loved one waiting at home for Cristina.
Liz Fallon asks Cristina if Cristina has a pet waiting at home for Cristina.
Izzie enters the locker room.
Izzie is horrified to find out that Izzie's past as a model has been discovered.
Alex printed out large glossy prints of Izzie's photoshoots.
Alex taped the prints all over the locker room and on the doors.
Izzie confronts Alex.
Izzie angrily tells Alex that Alex can continue mocking Izzie with the name Dr. Model.
Izzie tells Alex that Izzie graduated from medical school debt free.
Izzie tells Alex that Alex and most of Izzie's peers did not graduate debt free.
Izzie goes back to Mr. Humphrey.
Izzie calls out Mr. Humphrey on Mr. Humphrey's supposed chauvinism.
Mr. Humphrey explains that the issue was not chauvinism.
Mr. Humphrey explains that Mr. Humphrey had been fantasizing about Izzie since seeing the photo.
Mr. Humphrey explains that Mr. Humphrey did not want Izzie to see Mr. Humphrey emasculated.
Cristina confronts Burke about sending Cristina to pointless tests on Liz Fallon.
Burke finally tells Cristina that Liz Fallon was terminal.
Burke tells Cristina that Liz Fallon had been admitted at Seattle Grace with the intention of dying there.
Meredith visits Liz Fallon.
Meredith and Liz Fallon reminisce about Ellis.
Liz Fallon codes later in the evening.
Liz Fallon dies later in the evening.
Liz Fallon had signed a DNR.
Meredith learns that Jorge Cruz and Zona wanted to go through with surgery.
Meredith tries to dissuade Zona.
Meredith asks Zona if five good years are better than ten bad ones.
Zona tells Meredith that Zona would rather have more time with Jorge Cruz.
Zona says that Zona would choose more time even if more time meant that Zona had to care for Jorge Cruz.
Derek pulls Meredith away.
Derek reminds Meredith that the decision was Jorge Cruz's and Zona's decision.
Izzie advocates for Mr. Humphrey.
Izzie tells Dr. Harry Victor not to cut the nerves.
Bailey backs Izzie up.